Run lez indexer (#358)
status-im/ift-docs: docs/lez/follow-chain/run-lez-indexer.md

1. Replace the default value of `bedrock_config.addr` in `lez/indexer/service/configs/debug/indexer_config.json` with your Logos Blockchain endpoint and replace the default `channel_id` there with the LEZ's channel ID. Get the channel ID from the public LEZ sequencer by running:

   ```bash
   curl https://testnet.lez.logos.co/ \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d "{ \
        \"jsonrpc\": \"2.0\", \
        \"method\": \"getChannelId\", \
        \"params\": {}, \
        \"id\": 1 \
    }"
   ```

   For a local deployment, run the following commands in two separate terminal windows:

   ```sh
   # Run node, in terminal 1
   just run-bedrock
   ```

   ```sh
   # Terminal 2
   just run-sequencer
   ```

   - Test configs are located [here for the node](https://github.com/logos-blockchain/logos-execution-zone/tree/main/bedrock) and [here for the sequencer](https://github.com/logos-blockchain/logos-execution-zone/blob/main/lez/sequencer/service/configs/debug/sequencer_config.json).

1. In a third terminal window, start the LEZ Indexer:

   ```sh
   just run-indexer
   ```

>    The indexer binds to `ws://localhost:8779` by default. At startup, you will see:

Reviewer: The indexer serves JSON-RPC over both HTTP and WebSocket on the same port, and every verification step below uses `http://localhost:8779`, so `ws://` here is misleading for a reader following the `curl` examples.

```suggestion
   The indexer serves JSON-RPC over HTTP (and WebSocket) on `http://localhost:8779` by default. At startup, you will see:
```

   {% endhint %}

## Query account state using the wallet and RPC

1. In a fourth terminal window, query an account state by calling `getAccount` with the account ID:

   ```sh
   curl -X POST http://localhost:8779 \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"getAccount","params":{"account_id":"2RHZhw9h534Zr3eq2RGhQete2Hh667foECzXPmSkGni2"},"id":1}'
   ```

   You will receive a response similar to:

   ```sh
   {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":1,"result":{"program_owner":"FeYNA4PVvs1SsSuECrmQNnJqtB1jA6CbVBBSVGos7qcu","balance":20000,"data":"","nonce":1}}
   ```

1. Run `just run-wallet --help` to see all available wallet commands.

## Frequently asked questions

### Why is there a delay between sending a transaction and seeing it in the indexer?

The delay is caused by Logos Blockchain's block finality time. The indexer only processes finalized blocks from the L1 node, so transactions sent through the sequencer are not visible until the corresponding block is finalized. This is expected behavior.

### How do I change the indexer configuration?

> The indexer config is located at [lez/indexer/service/configs/indexer_config.json](https://github.com/logos-blockchain/logos-execution-zone/blob/main/lez/indexer/service/configs/indexer_config.json). Two fields control connectivity:

Reviewer: `lez/indexer/service/configs/indexer_config.json` does not exist, so this link 404s. The config that `just run-indexer` actually loads — and the file Step 2 of this guide tells you to edit — is `configs/debug/indexer_config.json` (there is also a `configs/docker/indexer_config.json` for the Docker path).

```suggestion
The indexer config used by `just run-indexer` is located at [lez/indexer/service/configs/debug/indexer_config.json](https://github.com/logos-blockchain/logos-execution-zone/blob/main/lez/indexer/service/configs/debug/indexer_config.json) (a `configs/docker/indexer_config.json` variant is used for the Docker setup). Two fields control connectivity:
```
